today I'm gonna be having a look at a
product from me onyx this is the Probus
380 high performance gaming mouse pad
like all of their packaging it is
extremely minimalistic you basically got
an image of the product the name of the
product what it is the brand and that is
it so let's flip this guy over and see
what the Probus 380 has to say for
itself so their slogan is lightyears
ahead of the game and in fitting fashion
they named all of their products after
stars so here we go a star has been born
this is taken directly from the Greek
word for forward foot okay so it's in
the history of the particular star that
this one is named for here's a model
overview so it is the physical answer to
performance design and innovation the
new developed surface is treated with a
special silver metallic plastic coating
I haven't heard of that before
according to test results this special
coating offers optimal tracking
conditions and improves the overall
performance of the mouse movements okay
we have implemented a thin vase of PVC
plastic to give stability from the hard
most potent that compromising the
flexibility from a soft mousepad the
back side is made of natural rubber to
insert a shirt a steady grip okay here
we go material PVC plastic base squat
value now we'll talk about that a little
bit more later but squat is the surface
quality analyzer tool that is available
on my onyx mice so it looks like this
score is pretty high okay ultra fine
texture 3d by 260 millimeter thickness
rubber base back and led optical laser
it is compatible with so don't be going
and grabbing an expensive new focus the
8 380 mouse pad for your ball Mouse
please do not I shouldn't need to tell
you guys that it's kind of like using a
VGA output on a GTX 580 just don't just
please don't
okay so packaging we have got a plastic
cover plastic paper covered okay to
avoid any damage to the finish and
speaking of the finish movie that's
shiny look at that I've actually never
seen a mouse pad with a finish anything
like that I'm going to try
get the right angle to show you guys on
the camera what it looks like in person
so that's that's probably about as close
as we're gonna get you can see all of
that shiny reflective spark leanness
coming off of it it's got kind of a kind
of a neat feel to it overall so the
rubber on the back is very very grippy
okay you can see the texture here once I
put that down I guarantee you there's no
way that it's going anywhere now that
it's on the table it'll move my
tablecloth before it'll actually move
itself
here it's just you can read that yet
there you go
lightyears ahead of the game you next
time net here's their little logo down
here in the bottom and really all I'm
gonna be able to tell you guys about
this product is how it tracks and since
I actually don't have a mouse handy or
maybe I do I won't be able to tell you
as much as I hoped
so I've got an ounce 3200 go ahead and
plug that in although it's not really
gonna be any way to tell with any
certainty how effective it is until I've
actually played some games on it
although what I will tell you guys now
is that it glides like mad so you've
actually got a little bit of a texture
to it so it won't start moving without a
little bit of resistance but it is a
tiny tiny bit I mean a tiny bit of
resistance to start the mouse moving and
once you've got it moving it's very very
smooth so most of the drag on the mouse
right now when I'm sliding it across the
mouse pad is actually from the cord so
if I had a way to there we go to reduce
that drag and slide the mouse then you'd
be able to get a better idea it's
actually a fairly worn out nails 3200
you can see the Teflon feet on the
bottom are actually pretty scratched up
from use with another mousepad so big
fan of the ergonomics of this particular
Mouse by the way so that glides like
crazy like I said without playing any
game
it's gonna be very hard to gauge the
overall accuracy of this I'm going to go
ahead and close that so let's see if
there's anything that we can just do to
click around it's very fast very very
fast and from place to place a lot of
the time when you get a new mousepad you
can actually feel it
right off the bat how responsive the
mouse is on it it's a little bit faster
than I'm used to on this pad all right
well thank you for checking out my
unboxing of the Probus 380 i'm actually
going to be doing an unboxing shortly of
the nails 5000 and I'm going to run that
squat tool to find out how it compares
to let's see let's find another mouse
pad that I have around how about the
SteelSeries 5l we'll compare it to that
don't forget to subscribe to Linus tech
tips from our unboxings reviews and
other computer videos